These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More In what seemed to be a normal shopping spree at the Mall of Africa on Saturday, a Soshanguve woman ended up giving up her life to shock after buying what seemed to be a human foot at a popular supermarket (Name withheld). Lisedi Molefi a single mother of three who is believed to be a nurse at a local medical center collapsed, suffered cardiac arrest and died in her residence after realizing that she bought a human foot instead of pork during a shopping spree at the famous Mall of Africa. A source who claims to have accompanied Molefi to the mall reveals that she was pushed to travel to the Mall by her children who wanted to have a glimpse of the biggest mall in Africa. “After having all sorts of fun we had a normal family shopping spree that’s when she bought what looked like a pork, nobody noticed that it was indeed a human foot. She only realized it when she reached home and wanted to prepare it, it’s so sad and heart breaking that she couldn’t contain the shock and passed away. RELATED: Tembisa man burns himself after wife gives birth to Chinese twins Close relatives hinted about the will to take legal action but emphasized about the children’s safety and upkeep first before any legal action is undertaken. RELATED: Tembisa woman opens up on her Chinese twins
“For now we can’t talk of taking legal action but the police is aware of it, we have to make sure that her children are in safe hands, try to get her employment benefits for the upkeep of her children after every urgent thing, we will pursue legal action against the supermarket,” said a close relative. Efforts to get a comments from the Consumer protection board were fruitless. RELATED: Limpopo man sues neighbour he paid to impregnate his wife but failed after 30 attempts These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More