These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More Kenny Kunene, who was once an EFF member in its early stages with Julius Malema and Floyd Shivambu, took to Twitter on Tuesday to reassure white people who may be feeling nervous about possibly being “slaughtered” by the EFF. My white friends rest assured you will NOT be slaughtered by judas…I will kill him b4 he gets to you. SA belongs to all who live in it… — Kenny Kunene (@Kenny_T_Kunene) November 8, 2016  He said, “my white friends, rest assured you will NOT be slaughtered by Judas … I will kill him before he gets to you. SA belongs to all who live in it…” One can only guess at how serious his statement is, since the “Sushi King” is known to say and do things merely for provocation. However, he did spend several years in jail, where he was involved in gang life, and is probably no stranger to violence. He later tweeted that it would be worth going back to jail for to save SA from “a wild animal”. I am NOT afraid of jail. I spent 6 yrs. This time I will be proud going back 4 stopping genocide n saving SA from a wild animal.. https://t.co/HnkVKLK40m — Kenny Kunene (@Kenny_T_Kunene) November 8, 2016  Kunene was responding to a statement by Malema in Newcastle on Monday – where the EFF commander in chief appeared under a law from the 1950s for his alleged incitement of his followers to occupy vacant land. He said that white people had no claim to land and added that “we are not going to slaughter white people … for now”. “We are not calling for the slaughter of white people‚ at least for now … The rightful owners of the land are black people. No white person is a rightful owner of the land here in SA and the whole of the African continent.” RELATED: Malema was told by Nigerian prophet that he will never become President of South Africa – Kunene Kunene, who likes to refer to Julius Sello Malema as “Judas Sellout Malema” instead, also tweeted that people need to stop supporting Malema because his hatred “is deep”, he “can’t be tamed” and people need to stop clapping for him and funding him: I've said this many times. julius sellout hatred of white ppl is deep. take his advice STOP clapping 4him n giving him money.can't be tamed — Kenny Kunene (@Kenny_T_Kunene) November 8, 2016  On Monday, in an interview with The Citizen, Kunene, a co-founder of the EFF in 2013 with Floyd Shivambu and Malema, said that he had been warning South Africa against Malema and his “hatred of white people” for years, but he had not been taken seriously. Kunene said that he now felt vindicated. “This is part of why I left the EFF. Malema used to make it clear how much he hates white people. He used to say the plan was to use white people and their resources to build the EFF until it could take power. “‘Then when we are in power, we take everything from them.’ “When he said he doesn’t want to slaughter white people … yet, that wasn’t a joke. That was the real Malema. When he said the white man mustn’t clap for the EFF, he wasn’t joking, that’s the real Malema talking.” Kunene would not elaborate on his other reasons for leaving the EFF, other than to say he was put off by Malema’s militaristic and warlike nature. The EFF has subsequently explained that it isn’t advocating for the genocide of white people, but that this may be inevitable if white people continue to cling to land that the EFF alleges is not rightfully theirs. RELATED: ‘Black nation’ wants the land now – Malema Malema fans warn Kenny Kunene they’ll kill him right back Kenny Kunene ‘the witch’ is burning – Malema Kunene knows nothing besides eating punani - Malema These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More