Kaizer Chiefs coach Steve Komphela has gone further in defending himself amid serious attack from fans who wants him fired. Komphela has not won a match with this Amakhosi this season. He drew at home in his last fixture. Chiefs have now won only once of their last 13 league matches in an unprecedented streak of dismal results‚ stretching back to February. Asked by journalists if there is a dressing room mess up at the Soweto Giants camp, Komphela did not hesitate to spell out names of player he thanks are not giving their all. “You see, players are not being tough on the game. We should give all we have because the fans are behind us. Chirambadare can improve, he did not have a good game, i had to take him at out at half time. Parker is a top player, but i don’t think he is working hard. Other senior players need to take the lead. Khune for example, is not showing his leadership qualities. Sometimes you end up thinking, do they want me to go.”  “I will be talking to individual players, to find out what the problem could be. Lorenzo Gordinho’s defensive capabilities are undisputed, but he should improve his game, and be more serious. New players should improve us, not to take us back, Keagan Buchanan is yet to impact the game, i feel he can do more to influence the midfield.” Asked if he made the wrong signings, he said,”I signed potential but the same players i signed should work with me, not against me.”  Frustrated Chiefs fans call for besieged coach Komphela’s head after draw with Stars
But Komphela said: “Yes‚ I can hear it‚ but I need to be focused on the job and I’m fully focused on the responsibilities given to me.” RELATED: Confirmed: Kaizer Chiefs and Bafana legend to replace Steve Kompela “It’s normal. Maybe one has got used to it because it is a phrase that has been used more often in South Africa. “If you want to shoot down the comment‚ it would come across as disrespectful or a lack of acknowledgement of their concerns‚ so one must be very careful how to respond.” RELATED: Thandani Ntshumayelo’s lawyers make ‘fatal’ error in drugs ban case A paltry crowd‚ numbering not much more than 2 000‚ turned up to watch Chiefs‚ who conceded a dubious goal to Stars in the first half and had to rely on a Hendrick “Pule” Ekstein equaliser for a share of the spoils. Source: SABC1NEWS RELATED: “He changes tactics, he confuses players,” Tshabalala attacks Komphela after dismal performance 'Shape up or Ship out,' Kaizer Motaung Sr tells Kaizer Chiefs players Kaizer Chiefs line up replacements for soon to be fired Steve Komphela Kaizer Chiefs in contact with Mashaba as possible Komphela replacement - Agent These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More