These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More  If you happen to want to be in the know of African-descent actresses making great strides in movies scenes across America, Europe and elsewhere. Almost 90% of the time, they are always South Africans! Some of these gorgeous actresses can be seen in Hollywood’s big screen. Below is our pick of the Top 10 Most Beautiful South African Actresses. South African super hot actress, radio DJ and model Pearl Thusi become popular as the co-host of the kid’s show iCrew on SABC3. She played the role of orphan Samkelisiwe Nkambule on the SABC1 drama series Zone 14 (2011-2012) and Palesa Motaung on SABC3’s soap opera, Isidingo. Other television shows she has appeared on include My Perfect Family. She has had a very lucrative and successful modeling career, working for big companies like Toyota, KFC, Vodacom, DStv, Jet, SANBS and more. Born and raised in Durban, Thusi has become one of South Africa’s darlings.     Its Over!!!!Robert Marawa and Pearl Thusi break up Confirmed! Robert Marawa and Pearl Thusi are engaged Top 10 Richest Rappers In South Africa These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content  Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More