HealthLIVE | 09:00 11/05/2016 Majority of guys have a tendency of freezing when it comes to approaching ladies, without a doubt, approaching a girl is definitely one of the hardest things a guy will have to do in order to pocket himself a date. The mere thought of approaching a lady triggers different fears, including fear of rejection, fear of response (especially in public).
Fortunately there are ways on approaching ladies that always give positive results.
• Normally the first thing that you require is to find a lady that you like, good news is the population of women surpasses that of man, which means ladies can be found practically everywhere, at school, in church, at work, in shopping malls and even on streets. Once you found a lady that you like, make eye contact with her, most guys are rejected because they avoid making eye contact at first, if you avoid eye contact, ladies will feel vulnerable since they feel that you snuck up on them when they were not ready for it. Test the waters first after getting her attention, how??? Just show a slight smile, this is a way to find out if she is interested and open to being approached or not. If she smile back it means she is an open book, get your pen ready to melt her down with sweet words in contrast if she look away after your smile or keeps a blank look on her face then probably she doesn’t want to be approached however, don’t take it to heart because she might be having a bad day. If she indicates openness by smiling back, now you have to focus on your body language. Body language is vital when you want to succed in approaching ladies, most of the guys tend to approach ladies with their shoulders slumped and their nerves stuck in their throats, unfortunately ladies reject guys who shows signs of being nevours because ladies love guys who are confident. • Now that the foundation has been laid down, it’s time for seduction, start a conversation by saying “hi” and ask for her name, after that, the conversation should flow on its own. Remember to build up sufficient rapport with her before using practised lines – otherwise you’ll just sound like a weirdo.
When you use fractionation, remember to “stack” your conversation topics and give her both emotional ups and downs when you talk to her.
Whether things go smoothly while talking or not, be proud that you were able to approach a lady. All you have to do from here is keep improving your confidence levels. With more practice, you should be able to hit it off with any girl of your choice in no time. However is she totally closed the door for you, don’t take it personal you are not the first man to be rejected, pick yourself up and move on. Dr LOVE Im still single - Cassper Hell on earth, my Kuwait story- Sandra Signs that your relationship is over These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More