Pretoria -The violence and intimidation inflicted on the EFF during a three-day campaign blitz in KwaZulu-Natal at the weekend showed that the ANC was getting nervous, party leader Julius Malema said yesterday. THE violence and intimidation inflicted on the EFF during a three-day campaign blitz in KwaZulu-Natal at the weekend showed that the ANC was getting nervous, party leader Julius Malema said yesterday. On Saturday at an EFF rally in Empangeni, on the KwaZulu-Natal north coast, ANC supporters pelted Malema’s backers and election bus with stones just after Malema started speaking. Police fired rubber bullets to disperse the crowd. RELATED: EFF supporters stoned in KZN In Umlazi yesterday, Malema said the ANC supporters’ violence was a sign of the EFF’s growth in the province, where it won only 1.85% of the vote in 2014. He told the 1200-strong crowd that that was going to change. “I am happy with what we are doing in KwaZulu-Natal. I felt at home despite the shenanigans we saw from ANC supporters. “The enemy is shaken. Come August 4 they [the ANC] will not be councillors [and] they will not be mayors. There are signs of them losing support everywhere,” he said. Malema slammed President Jacob Zuma over the R9-million spent on cars for his wives. Calling him “Blesser Zuma”, he said, “Being a leader means you must put others before you [but] Zuma puts himself and his family first.” source online These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More