‘Pravin Gordhan’ has seemingly decided to join in the blesser-blessee trend that has taken Mzansi by storm. In Check Point, one of its current affairs shows, eNCA investigated the phenomenon of “blessers” – a euphemism for “sugar daddies on steroids”, as the show referred to them. It spoke to 27-year-old “blessee” Amanda Cele, who was unemployed but lived in a flat in the suburbs, drove a Mercedes and wore a range of luxury brands – all thanks to her blesser, who she said “makes things happen”, The Citizen reported. We were also introduced to Serge Cabonge, judging by his accent not a South African man, who described himself as a blesser and claimed he had spent R100 000 on one of the women he had “blessed”. He claimed that 75% of the women in South Africa expected money out of a relationship. RELATED: Cyril Ramaphosa wanted by a blessee
It seems “Pravin Gordhan” has also jumped onto the bandwagon and decided to be a blesser to one of our most-loved sports presenters, Mpho Maboi. Maboi took to Twitter to share that she had received an e-mail from “Pravin Gordhan” telling her he wanted to deposit R150 million into her account. It looks like Cabonge has nothing on Gordhan; what is R100 000 compared to R150 million? Not to worry, our actual finance minister has not succumbed to the lure of the blesser-blessee trend. Mpho Maboi made it clear to her followers that she received the e-mail from scammers using Pravin Gordhan’s name. “I mean a whole finance minister. Wanting to give little ol me money. Millions at that!! Does he even know I exist?! Come one now. Some of these scam emails are BEYOND ridiculous. Like not even a moron would fall for that,” she tweeted. Source: Citizen I am sorry for turning girls into prostitutes - Kenny Kunene He was my husband not my blesser- Khanyi Mbau They want Pravin arrested to steal money:  Malema These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More