Workers at the Cincinnati Zoo in the US state of Ohio shot and killed a gorilla on Saturday after a three-year-old boy fell into its enclosure, officials said. The boy crawled through a barrier into the enclosure and fell into a moat around 4 pm (1600 GMT), zoo director Thane Maynard told reporters. The gorilla, a 17-year-old male named Harambe weighing more than 400 pounds (180 kilograms), “went down and got him,” he said. Witnesses said the gorilla dragged the screaming boy around the habitat, local media reported. The zoo‘s dangerous animal response team shot and killed the gorilla around 10 minutes after the boy first entered it. RELATED: Man jumps into lions’ den He was hospitalized with injuries that were not life-threatening, media quoted the police as saying. The zoo‘s response team decided to shoot the gorilla rather than tranquilize him because a tranquilizer would not have taken effect immediately, Maynard said. “It seemed by our own dangerous animals response team to be a life-threatening situation,” he said. “They saved that little boy’s life.” The zoo houses 11 gorillas, according to its website. “We’ve never had a situation like this,” Maynard said. Source: Citizen Pietermaritzburg 13 year old beggar shot dead PICS: Man jumps into lion's den STUDENT ON THE RUN AFTER SHOOTING TWO OTHER STUDENTS These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More