The Gauteng premier David Makhura says he is feeling confident ahead of the local government elections. ANC Gauteng provincial deputy chairperson and Premier David Makhura have remained positive about the ruling party retaining three metros in the much anticipated August local elections. Makhura did not appear shaken about the threat posed by opposition parties. He was speaking to journalists at Wembley Stadium in Turffontein, Johannesburg, yesterday,shortly before taking part in an ANC meeting for the preparations for the party’s Gauteng manifesto launch, to take place at the FNB Stadium outside Soweto on Saturday. Makhura said the “ANC-led government has done a lot in the province in terms of delivering services” to the citizens. RELATED: Zuma problems wont affect ANC votes- Mantashe “It may appear we are not meeting expectations but we are confident the ANC will be mandated by the people to govern again,” said Makhura. “We can only say this because we have an ear to the ground. We are confident of retaining these metros because we have done well on infrastructure development.” Makhura acknowledged that his administration faced issues such as unemployment, inadequate housing and crime. ALSO READ:Constitution saves citizens from corrupt government – Mbeki ‘Unemployment is currently a worldwide crisis across all economies but as ANC we are taking measures to counter it by increasing community based money generating projects. Our housing projects are at an advanced stage, with some already completed yet some are still under construction,” he said. Asked if the ANC in the province still regarded Zuma as its face for the elections, Makhura said: “Yes, because he is a leader of the ANC.” Put ANC first and egos aside Malema a good mobiliser and a leader by birth – ANC Only ANC cares about poor South Africans: Zuma These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More