Cape Town- A bid to give last respects to her blesser ended in tragedy when the wife to the late husband unleashed terror on her at the cemetery. A 23 year old lady sustained serious injuries after the wife to her late blesser descended upon her at a grave yard in Eastern Cape, police reported. RELATED :Mpumalanga woman pees on blessee In an act that left relatives and close friends astonished, a family member revealed that the blessee was reportedly dating the late and had caused a lot of family problems in his matrimony. “We all heard that she existed and only my aunt (widower) knew her physically. She caused a lot of matrimonial fights in this family, my late uncle started to act weird when they dated. He directed all finances towards her upkeep neglecting his own wife and kids. As we speak last week his kid was expelled from a private school due to outstanding tuition fees.” ALSO READ: I am sorry for turning girls into prostitutes- Kenny Kunene “We don’t regret beating her, she deserved it, showing up here at funeral is a sign of disrespect, she provoked us first and we gave her exactly what she ordered,” she said showing no signs of remorse. Eastern Cape police spokesperson, Lieutenant Colonel Mzukisi Fatyela confirmed the incident and urged the public to always follow legal channels to solve disputes and distaste from all forms of violence. He was my husband not my blesser- Khanyi Mbau Deputy President Cyril Ramaphosa wanted by a blesee ‘Pravin Gordhan’ a blesser? These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More