The amount of personal debt in South Africa is ever-increasing, and a large part of the reason is that credit has never been easier to get. Whereas credit card issuers previously looked for customers who could repay, today card issuers relish the chance to reel in those who’ll continuously charge beyond their means at 18 percent or 20 percent. But debt is a complex concept. Not all of it is good — a fact a surprising number of South Africans fail to realize until they’re in the hole — and yet not all of it is bad. When used intelligently, debt can be of tremendous assistance in building wealth and financial empowerment. One of the secrets, therefore, to being smart with your money is to differentiate between good debt and bad debt. While the differences often seem logical, it is a logic that apparently is missed by many South Africans. Good debt Mortgage.
School loan.
Real estate loan.
Business loan. Bad debt Credit card.
Credit card.
Store credit card.
Auto loan. Good debt “Good debt is investment debt that creates value; for example, student loans, real estate loans, home mortgages and business loans,” says Eric Gelb, CEO of Gateway Financial Advisors and author of “Getting Started in Asset Allocation.” Robert D. Manning, a professor of finance at the Rochester Institute of Technology, also recommends taking on debts that are tax-deductible and debts that produce more wealth in the long run. “If you are talking about reducing current debt, that’s where it starts to get nuanced,” says Manning. “If you take a home equity loan because you have 17 percent credit card, and you go with a 6 percent loan that’s tax-deductible, that’s good debt.” RELATED:Good idea to review insurance policies These general rules of thumb set some clear delieations — buying a home or refinancing to get rid of excessively high rates is usually good debt, as is generating debt to buy high-return stocks, bonds and other investments. Bad debt The concept of bad debt comes in when discussing the purchase of disposable items or durable goods using high-interest credit cards and not paying the balance in full. “The trouble is most people are not organized enough to retire the entire balance before the due date,” says Gelb. Every month that you make a partial payment on your credit account you are charged interest. The disposable or durable item you purchased continues to lose value, and the amount you paid for it continues to increase. “When you buy clothes, they’re probably worth less than 50 percent what you pay for them when you walk out the door,” says Bach. “So if you borrowed to pay for them, that’s bad debt.” source Online EFF would bankrupt SA within a week- Malala Beyoncé can kiss my South African ass- AKA Prophet TB Joshua’s prophecy about South Africa fulfilled? These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More