Economic Freedom Fighters (EFF) claimed that they have been eyeing areas to occupy without compensation. Ahead of 3 August local government elections the party seeks to lure votes and revealed on Monday that some of the land they have identified will be used to build hospitals‚ police stations‚ taxi ranks and farming. “”We shall expropriate land without compensation for equal redistribution. This is the EFF Land Plan‚” the party said on its Twitter feed. RELATED: Zuma is a grade two graduate- Malema The EFF is prepared to fight for the allocation of land till the highest court in the land. “We can’t pay for stolen land‚” the party said.

 It identified Stellenbosch in the Western Cape as well as Gauteng’s Sandton‚ Roodepoort and Orange Farm amongst some of the areas which it has its eye on for land redistribution. “Kayamandi next to Stellenbosch is an area of just 2 km2‚ with a population of 24‚645 & with 5‚551 households per km2‚” the party said. “Stellenbosch is an area of 793.5 km2 with population of 35‚570‚ and about 10 households per km2‚ Kayamandi next to it suffers.” ALSO READ: Legalise dagga – Malema The EFF said the Roodepoort and Orange Farm areas have long been identified as having great potential for farming.
The party pin pointed that Sandton‚ which has a lesser population compared to its neighbouring township Alexandra which is home to more than 500‚000 people has been eyed for expanding Alex. The EFF indicated that it will contest all 278 municipalities for the upcoming elections. Hammanskraal protesters denies EFF influence We do not make promises, we make commitments - Malema We will keep fighting in parliament - Malema These content links are provided by Content.ad. Both Content.ad and the web site upon which the links are displayed may receive compensation when readers click on these links. Some of the content you are redirected to may be sponsored content. View our privacy policy here. To learn how you can use Content.ad to drive visitors to your content or add this service to your site, please contact us at info@content.ad. Family-Friendly Content Only recommend family-friendly content Website owners select the type of content that appears in our units. However, if you would like to ensure that Content.ad always displays family-friendly content on this device, regardless of what site you are on, check the option below. Learn More